## Always aim for better!

1. Given a list of integers and a number `m`, we would like to find out if there is a pair of integers whose sum is exactly equal to the number `m`.

For example, for the list `[8, 2, 4]`, and `m = 6`, the answer is yes, because of 4 and 2. The answer is no for `m = 9` since there are no pairs whose sum is 9.

First, let's implement a straightforward solution by looking at every pair of elements in the list. This function should take the list and the number `m` as argument and return `True` if there is a pair whose sum is equal to `m` and `False` otherwise. What is the time complexity of this solution for a list of size N, why? In addition to `True` or `False`, also return the number of pairwise comparisons between the elements of the list.

**Hint**: Think about the number of comparisons in the worst case.

2. What if the list is sorted? Can you come up with a better solution for a sorted list in terms of time complexity? Note that, knowing `m`, for each number in the list, you know exactly what value to look for to obtain `m`. Please implement this solution and report its time complexity **by excluding the cost of sorting the list**. Why do we have that time complexity? In addition to `True` or `False`, also return the number of pairwise comparisons between the elements of the list.

**Hint**: Remember we can do binary search in a sorted list efficiently. The code for binary search from the class is provided in the template for your convenience. Note that it is modified to count and return the number of comparsions with the mid element.

3. Continuing with the sorted case, can we do better than the second solution in terms of time complexity? 

Here is a proposal:
* keep two pointers, `left` and `right`, to the beginning and the end of the list, respectively.
* check the sum of elements pointed by the pointers.
* if the sum is equal to `m`, great, we've found it!
* if the sum is less than `m`, then move the `left` one to the right.
* if the sum is more than `m`, then move the `right` one to the left.
* continue as long as `left` points to the left of `right` pointer.

Please implement the proposed solution. In addition to `True` or `False`, also return the number of pairwise comparisons between the elements of the list. What is the time complexity of this algorithm by excluding the cost of sorting and why? 