## Do not touch my data - II (35 points)

Remember the organized researcher and her careless friend? They are back!

The organized researcher keeps all the measurements she has in a sorted list so that she can use binary search for a certain measurement with a logarithmic time complexity. Her friend on the other hand is not as careful. While he is going through the sheet of data, he makes a bigger mistake this time: he just destroys the order of things completely! In other words, the measurements are not sorted anymore. In panic, he tries to fix it by shuffling mesaurements around but with no luck. It gets worse because he fears that he has modified some of the mesaurements while shuffling them around. At least, he saved each version he changed. Now he has a serious problem to fix: he needs to verfy if different versions actually have the same measurements.

1. (**10 points**) Let's start by helping him with a straightforward solution. Given two versions of the measurement list, let's compare them to each other with a nested loop to see if they have exactly the same measurements. Assume that he has roughly N measurements in a list and report the time complexity of this solution in terms of N.

For `[5,3,2,1,4]` and `[4,2,3,1,5]` => `True`  
For `[3,4,5,1,2]` and `[2,5,1,4,3]` => `True`  
For `[5,3,2,1,4]` and `[4,2,3,1,6]` => `False`

2. (**10 points**) Then he realizes, maybe he can just sort the two lists and then compare them to each other. Implement this solution and comment on its time complexity *by including* the time to sort the two lists. Assume that he has roughly N measurements in a list and report the time complexity of this solution in terms of N. Use the best sorting algorithm, `merge_sort`, that we have seen in the class. 

3. (**15 points**) These two solutions work well if he had just a few pairs of lists to compare but he has too many. He fears that he cannot afford these complexities to verify each pair of lists before his friend realizes there is something wrong. Then he comes up with a clever solution. You know what they say about desperate times and desperate measures. 

His solution is based on the fact that most of these measurements are supposed to be the same and repetitive, so he can just insert them into a dictionary:  

1. Go over a version of the measurement list by inserting them into a dictionary. Use the measurement as the key and its count as the value. In other words, initialize the count of the measurement to 1 when it's first seen and increment its count each time the same measurement is seen again.

> If the measurement list is `[1,5,2,3,2,3,1,2,4,3,5]`, 
then the corresponding dictionary is: `{1:2, 5:2, 2:3, 3:3, 4:1}`.

2. Go over another version, but this time by decreasing its count by 1 (or deleting it if the count is 1) if the measurement is in the dictionary. If the measurement is not in the dictionary or if the dictionary is empty before going over the entire list, then it means that the versions are different.  

3. In the end, he can conclude that the versions are the same if there are no measurements left in the dictionary. Otherwise, they are different.  

* (**8 points**) Implement his clever solution. 
* (**4 points**) Assuming constant time complexity for storing, indexing, deleting, checking the length operations for a dictionary, what is the time complexity of his solution? Again, assume that he has roughly N measurements in a list and report the time complexity of this solution in terms of N.
* (**3 points**) What is the downside of his clever solution? (**Hint:** Think about the storage.)

